how you doing Alex this is gateway
Jimenez from Max Madson Mitsubishi in
Aurora send you a little video of the
2004 Audi a6 2.70 that you weren't
worrying about so you see here this one
is an S line which means you have the
Sport Package giving you the rear fin as
well we've got a dual exhaust
get plenty of trunk space
you can see in here with the s-line you
get the sound system with the subwoofer
as well get a full-sized fair
so this awesome has the premium package
in here as well so you've got the
leather seats you have the rear climate
control on the other 60/40 seats just
fall down if you want to take a look in
here one of the other cool things it has
is the rear shades so on here you pull
the private shades up here we've got the
electronic shade here it goes up and
down comes equipped with cupholders here
in the back now if we take a look here
at the inside in the front you've got
power seats you've got heated seats
you've got all of your audio controls on
the steering wheel you have a six disc
CD changer in the dashboard here you
have the Tiptronic transmission so you
can either drive it as automatic or
manual now coming around here to the
motor is a very very impressive vehicle
2.7 liter turbo engine 50 454 pounds of
torque better than any other vehicle in
its class as you can see we also have a
K&N air filter here with a lifetime
guarantee on the air filter so Alex I
know you're looking for a luxurious
vehicle this one does that about 125,000
miles on it but for under $10,000 you're
not gonna find a better deal the timing
belt has already been done here at about
ninety five thousand miles so you don't
not have to do the regular mainus of the
timing belt the idler pulley the
tensioner or the water pump so come on
out here max mats have been sufficient
Aurora 39:9 Hodgdon the number six three
zero eight nine eight six thousand I
look forward to meeting you